1. What would you do if you were told that you and your family had to use half as much water as you usually use? How would you adjust your water consumption?

If my family and I had to use half of our usual water consumption, then we would do this:

Bathing -> 
Intermittently put water in the shower, turn off the water in time when scrubbing, to avoid prolonged showering. 
The water after the bath can be used for washing cars, flushing toilets, mopping the floor, etc.

Wash hands ->
Use a basin to wash your hands and face, and then use those water to flush the toilet.

Food -> 
First use paper to wipe off the oily dirt on the cooking utensils and tableware, and then wash; 
control the flow of the faucet, and change the non-stop flushing to the intermittent flushing.

Toilet ->
You can put a 500ml water bottle full of water or a brick into the toilet tank, and you can reduce the amount of water every time you flush.

Laundry ->
Should wash the clothes together, save  the dirty clothes, and after bucket is full, washes them together.

2. What kind of reason would make this change in water usage more acceptable? ( think about Ethos, Pathos, Logos)

First of all, water is one of the indispensable substances for the continuation of life of all living things on the earth, and we cannot live without water every day.
So you can imagine how important water is to living things. Without water, many living things cannot survive.
Although the earth's water resources account for more than 70%, but there is very little can be use for humans to drink, then we should save water.
In some areas, many people die every year due to lack of water resources, such as Africa, where there are many droughts.
While we are saving water, we are also saving energy in disguise. We use a lot of energy to extract and purify water resources every day. Most of these energy comes from coal power generation.
Power plants produce a lot of harmful gases every day, these gases will destroy the earth's ozone layer and cause global warming.
Therefore, while saving water resources, we are also protecting our common home  --The earth.
(Pathos, logos)

3. Who would you want to decide this? ( A popular vote/state legislature/governor?) What would this look like?

I think the state legislature should allocate our water resources reasonably.
We should promote the protection of water resources in public places and the Internet, 
and we should introduce relevant laws to prevent the waste of water resources 
(such as: supervise certain enterprises or factories Upgrade or replace equipment that wastes water excessively).
